Remove status flag from E2E (#487)
submariner-io/submariner: docs/contributing.md

1. Fork this repository
2. Make your changes in the fork

> 3. Test your changes by running `make ci e2e` which deploys [Submariner in a Kind 3 cluster setup](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner/blob/master/scripts/kind-e2e/README.md) and runs E2E tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Test your changes by running `make e2e status=keep` which deploys [Submariner in a Kind 3 cluster setup](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner/blob/master/scripts/kind-e2e/README.md) and runs E2E tests
```

In this case, for developers, I'd instruct them to do the keep, so they can re-test again without re-deploying everything, may be we can add "5. Run `make cleanup` to tear down the test clusters once you're finished.

Author: What do you mean? The whole point is to remove `status=` flag.. There's also instructions on how to run cleanup..

> 4. Submit a pull request (PR) to Submariner master branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Submit a pull request (PR) to Submariner master branch
5. Run `make cleanup` to tear down the test clusters once you're finished.
```
